Chapter 1.

1.What is the purpose of the “Hello, World!” program?

The main purpose of the "Hello, World" program is to output the setence in the standard output and show to use
iostream library while also the compilation and execution of a C++ program.

2.Name the four parts of a function.
1. Function definition/name
2. Function parameters - enclosed in parentheses ()
3. Function return - defines the type of the return to whoever called the function
4. Function body - enclosed by curly braces {} which list the actions called statements

3. Name a function that must appear in every C++ program.
Main function is the function where the program starts. In this case, the CPU program counter (PC) starts the execution from this point

4. In the “Hello, World!” program, what is the purpose of the line return 0;?
The main pourpose of the line return 0; is to return to the caller that the program has executed correctly.

5. What is the purpose of the compiler?
The purpose of th compiler is to translate the program language defined by the programmer into a machine language. It generates
the object code files .o

6. What is the purpose of the #include directive?
The purpose of the #include directive is to define a text file where some function is defined then the linker can find this function and include into
the main program.

7. What does a .h suffix at the end of a file name signify in C++?
It means that file is a header where functions are defined.

8. What does the linker do for your program?

It links the object files that are referenced by each other into an executable program.

9. What is the difference between a source file and an object file?

The source file contains the program defined by a programmer using a program language. The object files, on the other hand, containsthe machine codenecessary
to generate the executable program.


10. What is an IDE and what does it do for you?

It is an Interactive Development Environment used to optimize code development. It includes a text editor with helpful tools, such as built in debbuger
colored texts to identify keywords and names, etc.

11. If you understand everything in the textbook, why is it necessary to practice?
Because programming involve the practic of solving problems which might improve as much as you solve more problems.
